4 This time you are applying at the Envor Coverskar Fan Cafe
Let's learn about the awareness of sexuality and taking off the ceremony.
If this is the case, I'm not really good either.
The other has two great bets going deunyo So it s the technique cake
There are still some difficulties
Schnauzer, but the will to take me to see the courses
Oh the original song
Bus Cover Skar from the categorical version now as a street performance version Limit song version of the sound
I am going to record, but what I posted in that café now has a sock
I down-tuned every 1 t.
2 flash beautiful tune made it to Dickie
Now if a lot of people are doing this exercise, it's down tuning.
I do not mind
So this course is just 2 km offshore on the hospital's original Chun Jung
I'll do it. In the case of me, I 'm a little low on voice.
I just need to down-tuning this device so I can sing
Write
First, the Skink Quasi-Quasi-State Skiff Method, and finally the last week
Tendeyo learn about the scan coming out saying state law gon's camp as
It's only one line to make a line. Yeah.
Only one line Nago sound fingering a full sound and then how I write only one line remaining
You're a mess.
I do not drink like this now.
This way
The mood shuffles.
4 How do you sell this for beauty
The sca from the consciousness is almost always using this ring finger.
I do not like sheep, so I use a lot, so I grab some 70,000 index finger
If you take an amblyopia, the bottom line
1 2 He took the fourth with medicinal material and became colder than the third rule of the index rule .
Life is 123rd and it just falls down and it will be true.
And if you pick up the medication a little bit, you can do light on line five.
Then line 6 has now happened to go out to the thumb
So you should know this from the practice.
What yisinde 4-minute Flash fourth line of the first to start the fourth fret noise
With caught hold
Fingering the overall sound of the lines within the judicial yiraeyo
You have to do it this way.
When you hold the index finger
The catch is here three flashes three flashes
As part of Bute ahraen Whipple eonju boot
Well I'll try it again slowly depending on the first and fourth four times full now
Haejwoya slide boil
Many of you have done this hammering here.
Well, as a result of the video I've seen of that type of crime ,
I think the slide is right .
The electric guitar is hammering and the crime type is sliding.
Grab this once again
Ah Ta 4 cup 3 times a jjuwoo no pool 3rd 4th
Well it is
No. 4, No. 3.
Pigtails and to
How did this investment is hammering and hitting again
Ah younger hem should hit eusimyeon not know that one parent against sliding
You can not follow this.
I'll try it again.
I want to back up like a fourth line that I did not know Tom Tower line towers
Fujita goggles, if you know someone who is a little bit of a little stuffy
Please put it on.
I'll try it again.
4 and the second node
No, no, no, no, no, no.
At first I slid to the 6th press from the master frame, and this time 3 minutes Friend 4
Slide to press
It's the same.
Now, a little under 1 Pa Tan is here, so write
Yes year and four times the reasoning used ran three times called the head slides into every
Just I'll also be doing ttajyeodo ears dare yeah yeah I do not tower
It's one thing.
Why once again doelkke
We will go.
For thus able to be part of that you should ditch in front of and next week
I'll explain the code part.
2 and 2 3 4 App # f shots
I would do it with Seven Edison. Maybe if the code is me,
You can grab this code and grab it like this .
It's possible
I need to be like this, I hold it like this ,
You can also grab the f shop.
Oh, and I'll be in position for the first six weeks of the right hand a few weeks,
Next ,
2 / Adorable child
Hold line 3 and 4 of pool 4 and raise stop
again
If this is the case, b major Seven is like choco picode,
Please give me one run.
Four of these cones keep repeating to score .
Just to see the video,
That's it.
This week I turned the key and the frame body in the coffin of weeks. What is yireongeo
4 I think you can refer to it.
So, for example, in order to play it was the first yireot sk Chrome
When you first heard it , it was night.
I'm a luggage
over 2
remove
And those of you who like this session will not have to make it easy for you.
You need to practice the first part of the camp.
Practice it and youtube
I'll upload a wedding ceremony on my blog.
If you're looking like that's going to be difficult now, please note looked courses
I would be happy to comment
I hope it helps.